Document another limitation of driver-only hashes (#6639)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/driver-only-hashes.txt

Features
   * Some modules can now use PSA drivers for hashes, including with no
     built-in implementation present, but only in some configurations.

>      - RSA PKCS#1 v2.1, PKCS5, PKCS12 and EC J-PAKE now use hashes from PSA

Reviewer: Not everyone can be expected to know that “PKCS#1 v2.1” means OAEP and PSS. (And strictly speaking, it doesn't: the v1.5 mechanisms are still included in the v2.1 document.)
```suggestion
     - RSA (PSS and OAEP), PKCS5, PKCS12 and EC J-PAKE now use hashes from PSA
```

Author: Good point. Though PKCS#1 v2.1 is the name of the compile-time option, so perhaps it's worth keeping in addition to PSS and OAEP?

(Also, strictly speaking, we could say we're referring to the version that introduced those schemes, but even that wouldn't be correct: OAEP was introduced in 2.0 and PSS in 2.1...)

Reviewer: The name of the compile-time option is `MBEDTLS_PKCS1_V21`, not “PKCS#1 v2.1”. But as long as PSS and OAEP are listed, that's fine by me.

>      are only provided by PSA drivers. In these configurations, you need to

Reviewer: We can put line break wherever we want. Changelog entries aren't rewrapped.

I think the deeper problem here is that the feature we're delivering doesn't really make sense and should not have been a deliverable in this state. But it's too late for that, so we have to document what we have. Or at least, we have to document a subset of what we have — we can be incomplete if it's just too hard to explain. We expect the next release to have much simpler, broader rules.

     call `psa_crypto_init()` before you call any function from those
     modules; this is not required in configurations where the built-in
     implementation is still available. Note that for modules that use MD
     (RSA, PKCS5, PKCS12, EC J-PAKE) in builds that have MBEDTLS_MD_C enabled,

>      all hashes used with those modules need to be built-in, as drivers are only

Reviewer: Another example of a long sentence that's hard to follow: “modules that use MD (…) in builds that have MBEDTLS_MD_C enabled” — the context and the beginning makes the reader think this is about the case with MBEDTLS_MD_C disabled, but it's about the case where it is enabled. It would be easier to follow if the sentence started with “When MBEDTLS_MD_C is enabled”.

Author: In line with what I said above, a lot of sentences would automatically get a lot simpler if we moved the info to `mbedtls_config.h` and described only one module at a time.

     used when MBEDTLS_MD_C is disabled; configurations where some hashes are

>      available as built-ins, and some only from drivers, are currently not

Reviewer: This seems overly restrictive. What we don't support is a mix of hashes that are only available via the legacy interface but not PSA, and others that are only available as PSA drivers. If all hashes are available through the PSA interface, it's fine, regardless of whether they're provided via drivers or not.

     supported. Also note that some crypto modules and features still depend on
     the built-in implementation of hashes: MBEDTLS_HKDF_C (but the PSA HKDF
     functions do not depend on it), MBEDTLS_ENTROPY_C, MBEDTLS_HMAC_DRBG_C and
     MBEDTLS_ECDSA_DETERMINISTIC. In particular, for now, compiling without

>      built-in hashes requires use of MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_EXTERNAL_RNG.

Reviewer: Except for builds without entropy (e.g. only doing hashes, MAc, symmetric decryption, and signature verification).

Reviewer: Ah, good point, you can't yet have PSA hashes without having a RNG.
